docs/node: Add EPID to DCAP migration instructions (#746)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/node/run-your-node/prerequisites/set-up-trusted-execution-environment-tee.md

The default Intel Quote Provider config is available in [Intel SGX Github repository](https://github.com/intel/SGXDataCenterAttestationPrimitives/blob/master/QuoteGeneration/qcnl/linux/sgx_default_qcnl.conf).

## Migrate from EPID Attestation to DCAP Attestation
EPID attestation support has been discontinued in newer processors (Intel Xeon
3rd generation onwards). All nodes using EPID attestation should migrate to DCAP

> Attestation.

Reviewer: It is not just that, EPID attestation will be discontinued in 2025 and will no longer be available on any processors.

:::info

Validators, please hold for further instructions. We will coordinate the
migration in phases to ensure that during the migration the network remains

> operational.

Reviewer: You mean compute node operators?

Author: Yeah, well they need to be also validators. But yes, compute node operators is more appropriate.

:::

:::info

In case you are running AESM service on Docker please see [these instructions].

:::

> To migrate to the DCAP Attestation run the following commands:

Reviewer: Before performing these steps one should check if their hardware supports DCAP as per the docs above.

The default Intel Quote Provider config is available in [Intel SGX Github repository](https://github.com/intel/SGXDataCenterAttestationPrimitives/blob/master/QuoteGeneration/qcnl/linux/sgx_default_qcnl.conf).

## Migrate from EPID Attestation to DCAP Attestation

EPID attestation will be discontinued in 2025 and will no longer be available on
any processors. All nodes using EPID attestation should migrate to DCAP
attestation.

:::info

Compute node operators, please hold for further instructions. We will coordinate
the migration in phases to ensure that during the migration the network remains
operational.

:::

For transitioning to the DCAP attestation, follow these steps:
1. See if your system [supports DCAP attestation]. If your hardware does not
support DCAP attestation, you'll need to migrate your node to newer hardware.
2. [Gracefully shutdown] your compute nodes (Sapphire and Cipher).

> 3.Transition to DCAP attestation:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Transition to DCAP attestation:
```

  - In case you are running AESM service on Docker follow [these instructions].

>   - Otherwise manually configure AESM service to use [DCAP attestation]:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Otherwise manually configure AESM service to use DCAP attestation:
 ```

The default Intel Quote Provider config is available in [Intel SGX Github repository](https://github.com/intel/SGXDataCenterAttestationPrimitives/blob/master/QuoteGeneration/qcnl/linux/sgx_default_qcnl.conf).

## Migrate from EPID Attestation to DCAP Attestation

> EPID attestation will be discontinued in 2025 and will no longer be available on

Reviewer: Add empty line above.

any processors. All nodes using EPID attestation should migrate to DCAP

> Attestation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attestation.
```

:::info

Compute node operators, please hold for further instructions. We will coordinate
the migration in phases to ensure that during the migration the network remains
operational.

:::

:::info

In case you are running AESM service on Docker please see [these instructions].

:::

> To migrate to the DCAP Attestation run the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For transitioning to DCAP Attestation, follow these steps:
```

> 1. See if your system [supports DCAP attestation].

Reviewer 2: Should probably add a comment what to do if it doesn't? Do we recommend migrating to newer hardware?

Reviewer: Yeah, there is no other way.

> 2. Stop your TEE nodes (Sapphire and Cipher).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Gracefully shutdown your TEE nodes (Sapphire and Cipher).
```

This should probably link to: https://docs.oasis.io/node/run-your-node/maintenance/shutting-down-a-node/
So that nodes are greacefuly shutdown to avoid runtime disruption.

> 2. Stop your TEE nodes (Sapphire and Cipher).

Reviewer: I would use "compute node" instead of "TEE node" to make it consistent with the other docs. Also below.

> 3. In case you are running AESM service on Ubuntu 22.04 run the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Remove any leftover EPID attestation packages. If running on Ubuntu 22.04 run the following command:
    sudo apt remove libsgx-aesm-launch-plugin libsgx-aesm-epid-plugin
```

Reviewer 2: And then a separate step:
4. Setup DCAP attestation which links to https://docs.oasis.io/node/run-your-node/prerequisites/set-up-trusted-execution-environment-tee#dcap-attestation

commands:
  ```bash
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt remove libsgx-aesm-launch-plugin libsgx-aesm-epid-plugin
    sudo apt install libsgx-aesm-ecdsa-plugin libsgx-aesm-quote-ex-plugin libsgx-dcap-default-qpl
  ```
4. Restart the aesmd.service:
  ```bash
  sudo systemctl restart aesmd.service
  ```
5. [Configure the Quote Provider].

> 6. [Set up PCCS].

Reviewer 2: Steps 5 and 6 are actually the same thing. "Set up PCCS" is one of the options of the "Configure the Quote Provider" step. Depending on the node operator's setup, they need to either: setup Intel PCS or setup PCCS of their cloud service provider, or setup their own PCCS. 

See the existing section under "Configure the Quote Provider" step:

> The Intel Quote Provider (libsgx-dcap-default-qpl) needs to be configured in order to use either the Intel PCS, the PCCS of your cloud service provider, or your own PCCS. 

Please feel free to update the existing documentation if this is not currently obvious.

> 7. Use [attestation tool] to test if your settings are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Use the [attestation tool] to test if your settings are correct.
```

The default Intel Quote Provider config is available in [Intel SGX Github repository](https://github.com/intel/SGXDataCenterAttestationPrimitives/blob/master/QuoteGeneration/qcnl/linux/sgx_default_qcnl.conf).

## Migrate from EPID Attestation to DCAP Attestation

EPID attestation will be discontinued in 2025 and will no longer be available on
any processors. All nodes using EPID attestation should migrate to DCAP
attestation.

:::info

Compute node operators, please hold for further instructions. We will coordinate
the migration in phases to ensure that during the migration the network remains
operational.

:::

:::info

> In case you are running AESM service on Docker please see [these instructions].

Reviewer 2: The docker part affects only steps `3.`, `4.` and `5.`. If running AESM service in docker other steps are still required (e.g. checking for DCAP attestation support, gracefully shutting down the node, configuring the quote provider, testing with attestation tool...)
  
Not sure how to nicely incorporate this, but it should be something like this:
```
1)...
2)...
3) -  If running AESM in docker -> follow [these instructions] 
     -  Otherwise manually Configure AESM service to use [DCAP attestation]: Step 3, 4, 5 
4) Configure quote provider
5) Use attestation-tool...
...
```

:::

For transitioning to the DCAP attestation, follow these steps:
1. See if your system [supports DCAP attestation]. If your hardware does not
support DCAP attestation, you'll need to migrate your node to newer hardware.
2. [Gracefully shutdown] your compute nodes (Sapphire and Cipher).
3. Remove any leftover EPID attestation packages. If running on Ubuntu 22.04 run
the following command:
  ```bash
    sudo apt remove libsgx-aesm-launch-plugin libsgx-aesm-epid-plugin
  ```

> 4. [Setup DCAP attestation]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Configure AESM service to use [DCAP attestation]
```

> 5. Restart the aesmd.service:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Restart the AESM service. If running on Ubuntu 22.04 run the following command:
```

  ```bash
  sudo systemctl restart aesmd.service
  ```

> 5. [Configure the Quote Provider].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. [Configure the Quote Provider].
```

7. Use the [attestation tool] to test if your settings are correct.
8. Start your compute node.

[these instructions]: ./set-up-trusted-execution-environment-tee.md#dcap-attestation-docker

> [supports DCAP attestation]: ../prerequisites/set-up-trusted-execution-environment-tee#aesm-service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[supports DCAP attestation]: #aesm-service
```
I think this should work for references within same document. Same for other references. The benefit is that these will continue to work if file name ever changes.
